Using JSX in our javascript code makes it significantly more readable.
However, it does require a build step,
which is something you might have not done before.
Basically, we need a compiler to take our GSX code and
compile it down to a real javascript code that we can actually run in the browser.
There are a few popular build tools for web projects,
but the most widely used in the React ecosystem is Webpack.
We could stop and take a bunch of time to set up Webpack,
but luckily for us,
the developers of Facebook have already done this for us.
Facebook's create-react-app sets up everything we
need to develop and build apps that use React in JSX.
So let's use it.